With the days forever darkening
And the signs so very clear,
We must keep our sense of urgency
As the end is drawing near.
We will seize this opportunity
To declare Jehovah’s name,
And the blessings of his Kingdom
Is the message we’ll proclaim.
Now is the time
For preaching with zeal.
We’ll never give up
or give way to fear.
And now is the time
To show how we feel,
Now that the final days are here.
There will never be another time
For this preaching to be done.
So we want to have a part in it
And reach out to ev’ryone.
When we look back in some future time
At these days in which we live,
Then we’ll say that for Jehovah
We gave all that we could give.
Now is the time
For preaching with zeal.
We’ll never give up
or give way to fear.
And now is the time
To show how we feel,
Now that the final days are here.
With our loyal ones surrounding us
We will run with all our might.
Then we turn the final corner,
And the new world is in sight.
Now is the time
For preaching with zeal.
We’ll never give up
or give way to fear.
And now is the time
To show how we feel,
Now that the final days are here.